Now, moving on to the machine learning part
As the objective is predicting if a movie wins an oscar or not, this
is a logistic regression problem. 
So, we primarily used sklearn's ensemble machine learning methods. 
They are: Boosted trees and random forests
Furthermore, some popular ML libraries such as XGboost and neural networks are used
The reason for choosing ensemble learing methods are that there are many fields in the data being ingested by the model. Simple model like linear regression will not work.
Theese nsemble algorithms also iteratively train many weak classifiers to create a better model.
A challenge we faced in machine earning is that objects and strings cannot be processed by the model. Hence all strings need to be converted to an integer representation. 
Cat, One-hot, and hashing
Categorical encoding converts each unique entry into a number, and depends on the number of unique values processed at the current time.
This poses a problem as fresh data will not give the same result.
So, one-hot encoding is another option. Each unique object is assigned a new column and is a movie that contains that unique object is assigned a 1 to that field. Problem with this method is that when there are many unique entries in a field to be converted, there will be a large number of columns that will be generated.
To solve the problem, hashing is used to convert each unique object to a unique integer in a repeatable way. In the end, a combination of one-hot an hashing are used to prepare the data for use in machine learning.
ANother prbem faced is that movies released recently do not have the same sales figures as movies released before 2020. So, the revenue field is not used for machine learning.

Feature selection was used to find out the best fields with the highest correleation to win the oscars. This will help to better train the ML model.

Next, try out which ensemble model works the best for data.
After runinnig each model through the same dataset, 
Adaptive boosting performs the est out of the 5 methods, 
as you can see from the heatmap of each of the model, adaboost also has the highest true positive and negative rates. 

So, for the actual prediction, Adaboost will be used on the nominees of 93rd academy awards.


